Hello everyone, Bartolomeo
and today we will do and what we will
do we will do everything well come on
show what was in the requests of the people
asked to wash dropped mod which
called extra utilities so here we are
prepared such a small area
for du better and of course do under
the land that you have not seen the admin and the
like so let's get started I take first
again
crisis and all 44 video put ahead
the chest we want
why I will not go chests
I pick him up
you broke the chest correctly you set
I went into the chest and took the queue
so here is this little chest he is a little bit
it works differently in it
add things that do not fit then
there is for example
pick or something else is not
necessarily for example objects which
have flowers something that is for example from
batteries well let's put something
breaks down
come on batteries you want
not looking so here you go battery
He will tell how I broke compound words
took patrick i have in his hand
and you set i take another one
battery all for so here you can
elementary duple using these
cabinets peeling cabinet and somehow
they are called an area for study and
only one of them 11 cities improved
so come on come on he just lost
touch let's show engines love
choose which engines you need more
like, let's camera my heart
more like a cavity rich engine
which work on red dyes
go we put the pink in there
frosts central pink good
put there some item
some thing is possible and let's diamond
iron circle so here's an iron bolt and
put you break it elephants i him
taking away
but you need to take tsiferkoy that is, I
took on a foursome put for example here
I have an iron block we run with him and
put it in a funnel or a workbench
ask him, that is, we put his grandson
press
gain rush to click on the map whether
go quiet and pick the same example then
the lands were hans there except waited again
we go
I do not break
so I take him for C grade for example
you have already dropped prime prime
i go there
I take and you kavadu and I can not just craft
he disappeared
you can't go there
cheat the players on them yes and weighs the bills
it is possible but it’s just for the version
let's get a bad version differently when
another deputy if that through the castle
1 1 5 5 mom 60k broke I take one
almazik held it for business mace 0 00
is it a diamond house or do you put it in a frame
and break the frame
that is, I was already a real master
they can already play paint again
like that is, you can have any subject
put at least ultimatum q & a and even
notice with or cabinets one thing or
statute whose things
thing about we put them different methods then
For example, there may be a fix.
work with only 1 goal
you need to fix using 34
turn to use even so that is
admins can only be a crab
a turn, that is, if it does that
try melon twist come on the ledges
pump as there are here water through
they are also defat and like from generators
but the pledge I went into the little red put
there the diamond broke it broke I heard
I took
ran to the frame laid and broke everything
now I have a real diamond
Here is such an elementary duck in general
important thing through the workbench and not coloring
try that will constantly disappear in
Generally what we have on
in general, the word fun was coming soon
time we will shoot such a dyuk as
There kraft tinker konstrakte can
write down i know many well and others
subscribe put huskies write
comments
maybe you know some tinkering
which we do not know can write them I
I will shoot we will survey stupidly
with you was bartolomeo sample then what a
who are you diamond and yes we have a diamond
golden armor they in leather jacket he loves you
goals present bridges